Hey phantom house ago so I'm gonna be
doing today a review of the JSA Geoff
Johns
omnibus JSA omnibus is huge I'm gonna
tell you right now this thing is over a
thousand pages thick it is big and man
it is really fun stuff now Geoff Johns
is a guy that's been in the industry for
a very long time this is really where he
started to kind of cut his teeth a
little bit into the industry and he had
his writing partner David Goyer who went
on at the time to write movies like
blade and he's worked on things such as
the Dark Knight and everything like that
so what you're getting here is really
quality writing I really enjoyed this a
lot but here's the caveat when this was
first announced people were complaining
because of the first five issues were
not written by Geoff Johns and they were
not going to be included in this omnibus
people complained enough and Twitter
listened the people at DC went okay
we're gonna include the first five
issues that were basically written by
James Robinson and other various writers
because at the start of this series
it actually takes place in the 1940s and
it follows the original JSA as they have
to deal with this being the stalker and
they have to deal with them and they
have to deal with basically concepts of
what would happen during that time
period such as nuclear fallout bad
government and things like that
now throughout the series which are
gonna be noticing is that Geoff Johns
keeps expanding the team to huge levels
it really got to be a point where I was
just like holy man you just brought in
so many people and it was just from one
issue to the next where I was like oh
wow you know you brought in Power Girl
into the JSA you brought in you know
Plastic Man from the Justice League he
plays a part in this there's an issue
actually where they crossover with the
Justice League that was really a lot of
fun it was super cool and Geoff Johns
actually balances the team dynamic
between the teams which is a huge amount
of characters really well I thought wow
this guy is really good at balancing out
the team members and giving every single
character their moment there is an issue
in here dealing with wild cat that is
one of my favorite issues that I've read
in a long time or basically what happens
is that the newly formed in Justice
Society shows up at the JSA's base and
they are trying to steal something I'm
not gonna give away what they're trying
to steal but they're after something in
the JSA and wild cat who has just been
injured and it's really badly hurt and
he is in a bathtub and he's talking to
like this super villain and he's just
flirting with her over the phone and
they show up to the base and they're
like hey look we're here we're gonna
beat you up and then walk cat goes on
this whole tirade of single-handedly
taking care of every single member of
the GS the Justice in Justice Society
one by one it was a huge amounts of fun
and it culminates in this moment when
Wildcat basically takes out one of the
members by using his motorcycle I
thought it was really cool it's really
fun and John's does this a lot he
focuses in on a character and it's an a
certain issue and he flushes them out a
lot something that I didn't really like
though is that like I said they
introduced characters left and right and
some members they will leave without any
context for example star girl
star-spangled kid she suddenly has a
star man's rod for no reason I'm like
wait how did she get the rod it's never
really explained and I guess that was
because it was in another issue that is
not included in here I was really
disappointed I'm like oh man come on you
could've at least given us a little bit
of exposition or something that tells us
hey this is how I got the right so it
was a little bit of a fault in it okay
and I really enjoyed about this is that
there's an overall sense of family
throughout this series the theme here
definitely does seem to be family
because a lot of the members of the JSA
do have issues with their family and
they play them out throughout the series
for example for example Sentinel the
Green Lantern in this series has
problems with his son his son
really that good of a guy he's kind of a
supervillain but he still loves him and
he still has to deal with them
throughout this run he actually plays a
key role as one of the main villains in
this series and it's really interesting
to see that you also get the sense of
the JSA is a family and more like the
sense of like the Justice League is
basically a team where the JSA is a
family they look after each other they
go to ball games with each other they go
to hockey games with each other and they
actually show an issue in here we're
Plastic Man and like Jay Garrick and a
few other members they actually attend a
hockey game it's really funny stuff it's
really cool and I really enjoyed those
little character beats about it because
you're like oh man these guys really do
care about each other they really do
like to be in each other's presents now
they are in this series ranges from
everybody from Margo smart team to
Steven Sadowski most notably Steven
Sadowski plays a huge part in this and I
got to say not a bad member in a lot I
really enjoyed this a lot there's even
an issue in here that is drawn and
written by if I'm not mistaken by Darwin
Cooke and it is awesome I really did
enjoy that I don't think there was a bad
issue in the lot to be honest with you
and with the amount of content that
you're getting in here which is an
excruciatingly ly huge amount I thought
that this was just perfect I really did
enjoy this a lot in that front as well
what's really great about this series
also is that you see progression you see
legacy characters they come in and out
and they have to deal with the
consequences of the previous character
for example the new doctor midnite is
different from the previous doctor
midnite and he's dealing with
insecurities about living up to the
mantle of doctor midnite geoff johns
really explores a lot of that good stuff
and it's really fun and it's really
interesting concepts and I really
enjoyed that now when we're talking
about special features on this thing
unfortunately this does not have
anything but you gotta remember this is
clocking in over a thousand and a
hundred pages it is huge and I really
didn't expect too many special features
on this to be honest with you because I
think after her pretty much any more
binding and pretty much any more putting
into this any more pages and you just
get it to be unwieldy and yes volume 2
is actually even bigger than this by
about I'd say about 200 pages so you're
already almost going to big for an
omnibus so with that you're also getting
in here the covers the covers are in
here and they are in the original order
that they present you know so they split
the pages and everything like that so
they are all in where they're supposed
to be the only
weird thing about this thing and truly
it really kind of bugged me was that
there is no issue number with the cover
for example you go to issue like 37 or
something like that and it won't say
it's issue 37 so if you get like a
really cool issue like the one dealing
with wild cat like I explained before
you like man what issue number is that
doesn't have it in here unfortunately
it's not marked down you have to look
online to find I was like ah come on
it's such a minor little detail but it's
something they could have just you know
thrown up onto the side of the page that
separates it this is a very sturdy
omnibus I am very happy with this
purchase to be honest with you I had no
problems with it except for the super
super super super super tight binding on
this that DC has been known for this
thing was a bear trap when I first got
it and when I laid it down on the ground
I was like oh my gosh don't tell me I'm
gonna have a problem opening this thing
however the binding did loosen up after
a while it took about 300 pages believe
it or not for the binding to finally
crack open and it finally got more
comfortable and I was able to open it
without any issues or anything like that
the binding held together no problems
very solid and it is kind of a if I'm
not mistaken this is kind of like a
glued binding it's really good I have no
complaints about it held together very
tightly and I've been cracking this
thing open for about a month now no
issues and very well done production
quality wise here let me take the just
stack it off so you get see what's
behind it there's that you can see the
JSA embossed this is really cool too
inside the dust jacket they've got
little profiles of some of the members
of the JSA so they kind of give you a
little backstory and a little bit
information about him so there's that
and there's the spine I really enjoy
that spine that was really cool and it
matches up very nicely with the volume
too and the back really good stuff here
overall I'm gonna tell you right now
that it at the press that I got this for
about 75 bucks and over a thousand pages
you would think it over a thousand pages
man some of the stories can get you know
boring you get tired of some of the
characters I really did enjoy this I
didn't think that that there was a
moment where it slowed down for me I
really just kept going through it and
before I knew it I was done with the
book and I was like man I cannot wait to
crack open in the volume too so I
definitely recommend you check this out
this gets my stamp of approval
definitely loved it I've really enjoyed
this a lot so with that said comment
subscribe follow me on twitter follow me
on Facebook I'm gonna put the links down
below love beer back from you what are
favorite members of the JSA and if you
made it through this video let me know
by